Update upstream-services.md (#94)
bcgov/aps-infra-platform: documentation/how-to/upstream-services.md

[Contact the APS team](README.md#need-a-hand) to have an `egress` policy created for your Gateway.

> You will need to provide the `namespaceSelector` details for the Openshift projects that will be receiving traffic.  APS will use this information to configure an `egress` Network Policy and a rule to ensure that it is not possible for traffic to be routed to your Openshift project using a different Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to provide the `namespaceSelector` details for the Openshift projects that will be receiving traffic. 
APS will also add a rule to prevent traffic from reaching your service through a different Gateway.
```

##### Services external to Emerald cluster

For services that are not on the Emerald cluster, an APS `egress` Network Policy is required to send traffic from the API Gateway to the upstream service and you will need to setup firewall rules to allow the API Gateway access to your particular VLAN.

When making the firewall request, the IP CIDIR for the API Gateway on Emerald is: `10.91.43.128/26`

[Contact the APS team](README.md#need-a-hand) to have an `egress` policy created for your Gateway.

> You will need to provide the network details of your VLAN for APS to configure an `egress` Network Policy and a rule to ensure that it is not possible for traffic to be routed to your service using a different Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to provide the network details of your VLAN.
APS will also add a rule to prevent traffic from reaching your service through a different Gateway.
```
